README.md, before:

# Template README Files

Readme files are a common way of sharing basic, human readable documentation for a project. While they are often written last, I would encourage everyone to write theirs first and update it as the project progresses. A really nice blog post on this is at [Readme Driven Development](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html).



This repo is still very new, but the plan is to populate it with good templates and examples of READMEs from a variety of projects, disciplines and uses. If you don't see what you need please feel free to contribute or request.

## Citing

While all the content here is Public Domain to make it really easy to share, please be a good citizen and cite the source and creator of your templates. Where appropriate.

## Contributing
We love pull requests. Here's a quick guide:

Templates and examples from a variety of domains are especially welcome. They should be in a text format such as text `(.txt)` or markdown `(.md)` but other text based formats are fine too.

1. Fork the repo.

2. Add the content you want.

3. Push to your fork and submit a pull request.

**_NOTE:_** All content needs to be under Public Domain (CCO).

Commit message:

changed directory name and updated README

README.md, after:



# Template README Files

Readme files are a common way of sharing basic, human readable documentation for a project. While they are often written last, I would encourage everyone to write theirs first and update it as the project progresses. A really nice blog post on this is at [Readme Driven Development](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html).



This repo is still very new, but the plan is to populate it with good templates and examples of READMEs from a variety of projects, disciplines and uses. If you don't see what you need please feel free to contribute or request.


Templates are listed in the `templates` directory, using the nameing convention **README_<template_name>**. In practice, the name should be changed to just **README.txt**.
## Citing

While all the content here is Public Domain to make it really easy to share, please be a good citizen and cite the source and creator of your templates. Where appropriate.

## Contributing
We love pull requests. Here's a quick guide:

Templates and examples from a variety of domains are especially welcome. They should be in a text format such as text **.txt** or markdown **.md** but other text based formats are fine too.
You can add alternative formats for each template, for instance both text and markdown versions of the same template are encourged.

1. Fork the repo.

2. Add the content you want.

3. Push to your fork and submit a pull request.

**_NOTE:_** All content needs to be under Public Domain (CCO).
